now I'm going to show you a few basic
tricks to link your dragon a little bit
more interesting first of all the
overhand truck it's not very just what
puns up to grab some what's pencil on it
but take two balls and again you're
gonna throw the first one but instead of
going underneath it as it reaches a peak
you're gonna go over it like that and
stuff like that so just practice that a
few times get used to it both ways and
then trying to get your full pattern
your weight until you the previous ball
reaches its peak just like a normal
throw except to go over it
I notice the overhand throw goes over
the entire pattern
it goes over both balls and lands all
right on this side and you throw
underneath it like a normal throw it's
pretty wide arch also you'll notice when
you're doing a normal pattern normal
cascade your hands go circles this way
why you're doing an overhand throw for a
moment I haven't got a circle this way
go like that you'll feel this especially
if you throw every second ball you can
notice the kind of rocking motion my
right hand to go under over under over
now if you throw all over hand throws
one hands and that matter is called a
half shower
it's pretty nice pattern maybe do it
both ways if you choose one ball or
every time you catch that ball you go
back and forth that's called the
jugglers tennis
it's also important not to stress out
and throw the next ball too early after
your gran throw the overhand ball will
in most cases go higher than the other
balls today
that means they'll have more hang time
so you have to wait a little bit longer
before it reaches that peak but don't
worry about it even if you're sort of
really high just wait don't freak out
and then have two balls we hear at once
that gets a little hectic
that's basically the overhand throw just
throw them every now and then it's fun
to mess around with also I forgot to
mention the reverse cascade if you do
all group overhead throws your end up
like this both hands doing this motion
that's very nice pattern too but to
start out with I would just try
peppering your normal cascade with a few
overhead throws for both sides it's that
fun with that another fun little
variation of throwing well they're doing
a normal cascade there's an underhanded
drop that do this both ways also and
it's not too hard to understand strike
with two balls
you're going to throw the first one now
as this one's moving you're going to
move underneath your other arm and pull
straight up like a straight column
beyond your hand reaches through like
this your hand was just threw over it
doesn't move that much pretty much stays
in the same spot the other hand does a
sweeping once you're done throwing that
column before you come back and catch
the ball again where you started it's a
little awkward at first but you'll get
used to it
when you're doing this three balls
basically this wait till you catch one
you're going to go under I'll turn off
the one I'm going to catch I don't know
if you can see that but I'm going to try
to catch this one you go under with it
you just sweep under while I know III
hope that's helpful out of that it's
kind of hard to explain
you
it's also important to practice being
able to do two balls in one hand now
personally I would start out with your
strong hand but also make sure that I'm
still practicing it might weaken because
you don't want to get out of balance if
you need to be doing before yes you just
as strong in both hands for at least
somewhere close a lot of tricks are
based on the three main patterns for the
two balls non hint
there's columns where both balls are
moving vertically next to each other
there's no crossing going on left ball
stays on the left side right ball stays
on the right side there's the outward
pattern where it's running from the
inside of your body to the outside and
of course the inside pattern for each
other command inside to the inside
personally I find it harder to throw
them hand side in but some people find
it easier whatever works for you just
make sure you keep two balls in the air
at once the speed is a little bit faster
with three ball cascade it but the
timing is the same concept you have to
wait for the first ball to reach its
peak and then throw the next ball and
that first ball is peaking and pausing
or pausing down at the bottom you didn't
ready to from the next one your hand
works kinda like a piston it's probably
easier if you start learning columns
because there have to worry about the
arcing of the ball like right it too far
or whatever you're going to be doing
maximum so just do whatever is easier
for you and try to make sure you can
hope to in here at once for as long as
possible preferably both hands